hey youtube this is named me chief 172
today I'm reviewing another sugar from
the halo reach 4 pack this is Spartan
George he comes with a giant machine gun
which is actually the machine gun turret
for a halo reach which is really huge
and oh and a grenade just like any other
grenade and removable backpack with a
peg hole in it I'm gonna do the review
without the backpack because without the
backpack on cuz it's really hard to make
them stand with it on because makes it
yeah Liam forward I'm just gonna go over
the details on the backpack i sent back
pack a lot there's a little or too
little red stripes right there not sure
what they're for UNSC symbol and what
appears to be a warning sign you can
actually read it it says warning all you
can't really read it on this camera
unless it focuses really well the little
stripe there or the white and orange
that's a warning sign then you have like
gears or something inside and there's
just a lot of little things but the
little details are what make the vig yer
so great um onto the figure as we have
seen in the when you call it a meal or
Emmel action figure of you and there's
30 points of articulation on him so i'm
gonna guess there's 30 on him as well
this figure is a lot bigger for as a
spartan and the rest like look how big
he is compared to a meal or mo please if
anyone can if they can post a just like
a two second video telling me how to say
a meal the little or mo are you say his
name but a little off-topic considering
this is Georgia review but I'm just
really curious about that all right
um I promise once the figure on this
figure as far as I can tell the shoulder
pads area they're not removable like you
can yank on them and stuff just don't
come off and his legs are really thick I
just I just have to say how thick they
are like I'm gonna compare them again to
a meal like it's so much thicker you'll
see it on the side but yeah his colors I
like his colors to the paint job um you
have the little details for like the
energy shields their status on the side
um again another UNSC symbol um looks
like his blood type B positive probably
his blood type I'm not sure though and
another UNSC symbol and as you can see
there's bolts on the side which tells
you that this is like an older armor oh
there's just massive bolts on the side
and the helmet I'm not sure what type of
helmet this is looks cut it a bit like
the mark 6 but i'm not positive like I
don't have the answer chief next meet to
compare to I keep moving him a lot don't
I but yeah uh I'm not sure what his
helmet is really but it's huge and has
this weird thing on the front not sure
what that is also but yeah the detail on
these figures is just like right and as
you can see the green paint job and then
the orange and the red and as you can
see he has a giant face cover e-excuse
me for like bullets like you know I
don't know I did that but like to
protect his neck or something from like
getting this head blown off they look
for beer very unfortunate because we all
love Spartans you have you
yeah I'm not weird but so anyway onto
the big machine gun I don't like the
paint job on this I have to say I don't
like it looks sloppy like they just ran
it through some type of zinc plantation
sector and then like hit it with some
electrons it's nerd jokes there's a peg
thing right there it's hard to get it on
because it's so short and then this
looks like it was a little knob at the
bottom looks like it was where it would
sit on the sand cuz if you've played on
spartans vs elites or generator defense
there's a turret this is what the turn
is like the stationary like they like
this and you can like look around you
know boom down and then this thing right
here looks like it's some type of it
looks like a pipe you know in a sewer
pipe if you dig next your house next to
the septic tank if you have one what I
don't but i en't seen them before it
looks just looks looks like a pipe like
that so the detail on the thing is weird
I don't really get it but then there's
also the ammo box which is really
awesome I don't think it can be removed
i actually haven't tried almost dropped
it oh wait no no this wasn't where it
will go understand there's another peg
right here so that would make more sense
instead of it being on the way back and
be right there does that make more sense
yeah so that's the gun it's kind of hard
for him to hold and the backhand goes
here
that excuse me and the front hand goes
here yeah real pain again the hold and
also started from the balance Wow so
yeah that's him he's about to fall over
fell I'm go you yeah so thanks for
watching comment and rate and if you
want subscribe bye